---
title: "Test page #2 title"
description: "Test page #2 description"
url: test-page
---
This is the body

Note: Editorial workflow works with GitHub repositories, and support for GitLab and Bitbucket is in beta.

You can enable the Editorial Workflow with the following line in your Netlify CMS config.yml file:

publish_mode: editorial_workflow

From a technical perspective, the workflow translates editor UI actions into common Git commands:
Actions in Netlify UI 	Perform these Git actions
Save draft 	Commits to a new branch (named according to the pattern cms/collectionName/entrySlug), and opens a pull request
Edit draft 	Pushes another commit to the draft branch/pull request
Approve and publish draft 	Merges pull request and deletes branch
Media and Public Folders

Netlify CMS users can upload files to your repository using the Media Gallery. The following settings specify where these files are saved, and where they can be accessed on your built site.
Media Folder

This setting is required.

The media_folder option specifies the folder path where uploaded files should be saved, relative to the base of the repo.

media_folder: "static/images/uploads"

Public Folder

The public_folder option specifies the folder path where the files uploaded by the media library will be accessed, relative to the base of the built site. For fields controlled by [file] or [image] widgets, the value of the field is generated by prepending this path to the filename of the selected file. Defaults to the value of media_folder, with an opening / if one is not already included.

public_folder: "/images/uploads"

Based on the settings above, if a user used an image widget field called avatar to upload and select an image called philosoraptor.png, the image would be saved to the repository at /static/images/uploads/philosoraptor.png, and the avatar field for the file would be set to /images/uploads/philosoraptor.png.
Media Library

Media library integrations are configured via the media_library property, and its value should be an object with at least a name property. A config property can also be used for options that should be passed to the library in use.

Example:

media_library:
  name: uploadcare
  config:
    publicKey: demopublickey

Site URL

The site_url setting should provide a URL to your published site. May be used by the CMS for various functionality. Used together with a collection's preview_path to create links to live content.

Example:

site_url: https://your-site.com

Display URL

When the display_url setting is specified, the CMS UI will include a link in the fixed area at the top of the page, allowing content authors to easily return to your main site. The text of the link consists of the URL without the protocol portion (e.g., your-site.com).

Defaults to site_url.